Reddit Database

	The reddit database is built on two different systems, with two different objectives.	Cassandra is used to store pre-computed information, like the order of the posts and attributes in the front page. These are complex objects that are stored temporarily. Cassandra behaves as a cache which is accessed by the http server generating the web page immediately, as the user asks, minimizing the amount of queries that the other databases receive. 
	The permanent storage database of reddit is organized on a PostGres system and it is responsible for the storage off all the back-end information, in this database we can find user account information, subbredits, etc.
	PostGres is a relational database. However reddit doesn't use this feature, it instead uses PostGres as a key/value store with a Thing/Data pair to organize information.
	The Thing/Data pair is a dual database structure where the information is divided in metadata (Thing) and information (Data) connected by one ID. The Thing database stores only information that is applied to all the items - "things" - in reddit, in this case, upvotes and downvotes. In order to access more information on said "thing", a thing_ID must be known and you have to cross it with a key in the Data database in order to access it.
	The main reason databases are implemented in this way is because on reddit almost everything is considered as - "things" - and have the same attributes, in this example we can see that a user has his table organized in this way, but a subreddit table is the same. Things were deployed and work well this way because its easier to access things from one database or another and the most part of the accesses to the databases are separated.
	There are benefits and detriments to this implementation, the main benefits are not only the fact that, if you change one field, you don't have to change the whole database, but also the "default value" set for the objects with no value that keep the database with no repeated information and doesn't force to set a value manually. The most important benefit is the fact that with this two separated tables with no relations between them, reddit can have its database system on different machines, decentralizing and making the system scalable.
	The bad part of this implementation comes from the part that to select some - "thing" - from the database it may be needed to access several tables that can be on different computers, apart from the fact that a relational system can be more efficient in terms of time

outra vantagem > bd sao todas key value store, facilita o acesso a base de dados, é a razao porque esta assim
